#summary My Reading Notes

= MIT Media Lab =

 * Publish or Perish
 * Demo or Die


= The Idea Factory =

P28. If you don't do well on either, well, there's always business school.

P39. I'm a very busy man, and if you are not prepared and you do not have your questions formulated, please do not come here again.

p51. I wanted to go somewhere that was more merit-oriented. Besides, you look at Harvard, it's the fruit of industry. MIT is industry.

P59. Getting an education at MIT is like getting a drink of water from a fire hose.

P62. When you work on energy, pretend you're running a mining operation. Focus your effects on finding and extracting the most out of the concentrated areas of what you're mining. Don't worry about recovering anything from the slag heap. You'll spend more time and energy than you'll ever get out of it.

p79. The first rule is "It's your job and not mine." The second is "I don't take any excuses,"...

P85. If you don't know what you're doing, the first thing to do is to try to look like you know what you're doing. That buys you time.

P92. The MIT motto is "Mens et Manus" - "Mind and Hand."


= 畢業設計只要做 1 次 =

P55. 建築師查理士摩爾(Charles W. Moore)提出一個叫做「記憶宮殿」的理論，他認為建築師將所有美好的體驗與視覺經驗存放在記憶中，就好像是在自己的大腦中打造一座美麗的宮殿一樣，等到需要做設計的時候，回到這座記憶中的宮殿去尋找答案，做出好的設計。


P87.現代主義大師密斯凡德羅(Mies van der Rohe)提出「簡單美學」(Less is more)，應用在建築設計的的現代的解釋是：「空間的層次要豐富，造型可以很簡單」。後來的人提出「簡單無聊」(Less is bore)做為諷刺。


P93.德國文學家歌德(Johann W. von Goethe)稱建築為「在空間裡凍結的音樂」。


p111.荷蘭人自誇「上帝造海，荷蘭人造陸」，荷蘭人土地有三分之二在海平面以下，填海造地的技術一流。